That's right, Longjing Tian
There is a limit to your madness.
Chu Xiaoxiao
Did you forget the pain of the slap so soon?
Do you want me to help you remember you?
Don't be arrogant
Would I have been beaten if you hadn't been so powerful?
Master, I ask you for the last time
If my gift is delivered
Do you want them to apologize to Fanxing?
No apology
I will definitely ask Rong Shuai to cancel the opportunity to meet the Ye family
Bold this bastard
Talk to the family with a threatening mouth
Wu Huang Long Jing Tian
I can agree to your request.
Are you going to be unable to give a gift?
I am willing to leave Ye Fanxin
Never bother him again
It must also be realized by my Ye Jiajia tile
No, I promise.
One day you will be finished
The family law of our Ye family
You can lie down for half a month at a time
Ten times you are crippled
Sedum, you can't promise
I was just angry because you bragged.
Let's get to this point
But I don't want anything to happen to you.
It's okay, don't worry.
I know you still have me in your heart